# Gym-Management-System-Logic
A project that I created for class CEN-3024C (Software Development I) at Valencia College to apply knowledge about the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process using Java programming language and logic
The objective of this project was develop the logic part of a more complex project that will become a program called the Gym Database Management System. This program perform basic actions like adding, removing, updating, and querying information from a list of gym employees. The program will connect to a database. The user will be presented with a application that provides the choices he or she can make in the system, and the user will click on buttons on a GUI that represent the choices (e.g. "Add File", "Remove", "Update", etc.). For the first choice (adding employees from a file), the user will be also prompted to enter the path from a file that contains the information of employees previously formatted, and this information is printed on the screen. For the second choice, the user will enter the datails of each employee manually as per each prompt he or she receives. For the remove choice, the user will click on a row on the table and click on the "Remove" button, and the employee in that corresponding row will be deleted from the database. For the update choice, the user will click on the row of the record they want to update and modify the contents of it, then click on the Update button to see the change in the database. The user can also see the average wage of all the employees in the database.   
